Add capv architecture section (#1881)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/platform-overview/cluster-management/cluster-api/architecture/index.md

There is a machine created as a bastion that helps us with the operations. It is the single entry point to the running infrastructure. This way all the cluster machines can live in a private network and expose the services running on them via explicit configuration.

{{< tabs >}}

> {{< tab id="flags-openstack" title="OpenStack (CAPO)">}}

Reviewer: Let's use shortcodes so that we have all provider names in one central place. Please have a look at

- Examples like `{{< tab id="cluster-vintage-azure" for-impl="vintage_azure" >}}`
- `src/config.yaml` as source of truth. If you want to change to `Cloud (provider)` order – I'm fine with it since we discussed that it reads better – please change it here.

There are surely many `{{< tab ... >}}` locations not fixed yet, such as the ones here. So let's do that. But you don't need to include that into the scope of this PR if it's too much effort.

Author: Thanks, I'll move this to another PR so I can merge this

The setup requires an external network configured in the project to allow the machines to pull images or route requests from containers to the Internet. On the other side, there is an internal network which interconnects all master and worker machines allowing the internal communication of all containers within the cluster. At the same time, it allocates the load balancers that are created dynamically as result of exposing a service in the cluster. In case the load balancer is external, a floating IP is allocated to enable the connection with external endpoints.

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab id="flags-vsphere" title="vSphere (CAPV)">}}

### Compatibility

The setup supports vSphere 6.7 Update 3 and above to have the Cloud Native Storage (CNS) feature. 

### Authentication

Cluster API Provider vSphere (CAPV), along with the associated Cloud Provider interface (CPI) and Container Storage interface (CSI), authenticate against the VMware vSphere API using credentials stored in a secret. 

### Networking

> vSphere has no concept of load balancer so we leverage `kuve-vip` to provide load balancing in ARP mode (layer-2) for the kubernetes API, as well as the `kube-vip` cloud provider (CPI) for services of type `Load Balancer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vSphere has no concept of load balancer so we leverage [`kube-vip`](https://kube-vip.io/) to provide load balancing in ARP mode (layer-2) for the kubernetes API, as well as the `kube-vip` cloud provider (CPI) for services with `type: LoadBalancer`.
```

> By default kube-vip requires to set IP addresses manually. To solve this, we install [cluster-api-ipam-provider-in-cluster](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-api-ipam-provider-in-cluster-app) in the clusters to control IP allocation through the use of `IPAddressClaims`. This has the benefit of being compatible with any vSphere environment, regardless of the network architecture, and avoid IP duplicates. This means that we recommend reserving a layer 2 subnet per management cluster.

Reviewer: What's a layer 2 subnet? Maybe layer 3 (IP) is meant here?

Author: Nope, ARP is layer 2 🙂 
https://kube-vip.io/#arp

Reviewer: Ah, didn't know that it's called "subnet" for MAC addresses as well. Makes sense.

> By default kube-vip requires to set IP addresses manually. To solve this, we install [cluster-api-ipam-provider-in-cluster](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-api-ipam-provider-in-cluster-app) in the clusters to control IP allocation through the use of `IPAddressClaims`. This has the benefit of being compatible with any vSphere environment, regardless of the network architecture, and avoid IP duplicates. This means that we recommend to reserve a layer 2 subnet per management cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default kube-vip requires to set IP addresses manually. To solve this, we install [cluster-api-ipam-provider-in-cluster](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-api-ipam-provider-in-cluster-app) in the clusters to control IP allocation through the use of `IPAddressClaims`. This has the benefit of being compatible with any vSphere environment, regardless of the network architecture, and avoid IP duplicates. This means that we recommend to reserving layer 2 subnet per management cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: minor english nitpick

In order to offer persistent storage that is decoupled from the virtual machines, the container storage interface creates a Named Disk that can be attached or detached from the VM according to whether or not the persistent volume claim (PVC) is bound to a pod or not. Named disks currently only support Read-Write-Only (RWO) with block storage backed named disks.

{{< /tab >}}

> {{< tab id="cluster-capa_ec2" for-impl="capa_ec2" >}}

Author: I assumed it was EC2 and not EKS here. Can someone confirm?

Reviewer: The description mostly matches CAPA EC2, and our EKS documentation will anyway follow in the next weeks.
